- [Instructor] Large organizations may run hundreds
or even thousands of containers.
This is a scale that's impossible to manage without the help
of a container orchestration platform like Kubernetes.
A container orchestration platform manages a group of hosts
known as nodes that form a cluster.
When we want to run a container on the cluster,
we wrap them inside of a pod.
Then the orchestrator deploys them as a workload
to one of the available nodes within the cluster
where a container runtime is installed.
The container runtime is then used to spin up
and run our container.
Let's talk a little bit about how an orchestrator,
like Kubernetes, works at a high level.
In Kubernetes, the control plane acts
as the manager of the cluster.
When we want to run a containerized application
on Kubernetes, we send a call to its API
using a command line tool named Kube CTL.
We might tell it that we want to run four copies of a pod
that contains a specific container image on the cluster.
Once the API receives the request,
it determines which nodes in the cluster
should run the pods.
Then it issues the command to deploy the containers
to them through the Kubelet that runs on each node.
The pods are then deployed on the node
and the control plane constantly monitors their state
to ensure that we always have our four copies
known as replicas running inside the cluster.
Pods are just one of the resources
that run on a Kubernetes cluster.
We normally specify them within the configuration
of another resource known as a deployment.
Other objects like services and ingresses
can be created using the Kubernetes API to deploy them
as part of our application's architecture running
on the cluster.
Kubernetes resources are declaratively described
within a YAML file, referred to as a manifest.
Just think of the manifest as a configuration file
that describes a resource
that we want to run on the cluster.
Managing these YAML resource definitions
can become quite the task when you consider
how many microservices an application might have,
and then add on top of that,
the different environments you might want to deploy to.
In our next lesson,
I'll show you how Kustomize
can help us manage this complexity.